Make link to programmatic auth more obvious (#17)
IBM/cloudant-python-sdk: README.md

    + [IAM authentication](#iam-authentication)
    + [Session cookie authentication](#session-cookie-authentication)
    + [Basic authentication](#basic-authentication)

>     + [Authenticate with external configuration or the programmatic way](#authenticate-with-external-configuration-or-the-programmatic-way)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    + [Authenticate with external configuration or programmatically](#authenticate-with-external-configuration-or-programmatically)
```

[Cloudant service credentials][service-credentials] to authenticate with your
account.

1. `IAM`, `COUCHDB_SESSION`, `BASIC` or `NOAUTH` **authentication type**.
1. [*IAM authentication*](#iam-authentication) is highly recommended when your
back-end database server is [**Cloudant**][cloud-IAM-mgmt]. This
authentication type requires a server-generated `apikey` instead of a
user-given password.
1. [*Session cookie (`COUCHDB_SESSION`) authentication*](#session-cookie-authentication)
is recommended for [Apache CouchDB][couch-cookie-auth] or for
[Cloudant][cloudant-cookie-auth] when IAM is unavailable. It exchanges username
and password credentials for an `AuthSession` cookie from the `/_session`
endpoint.
1. [*Basic* (or legacy) *authentication*](#basic-authentication) is a fallback
for both [Cloudant][cloudant-basic-auth] and [Apache CouchDB][couch-basic-auth]
back-end database servers. This authentication type requires the good old
`username` and `password` credentials.
1. *Noauth* authentication does not need any credentials. Note that this
authentication type will only work for queries against a database with read
access for everyone.
1. The service `url`.

> You have to add these properties as your **environment variables**, because some

Reviewer 2: There is no obligation to use environment variables.
It would be good to mention here there are three ways to go:
* env variables
* external file
* programmatically approach
It would be good to list here these options.

Author: I added the following paragraph here in 2fd6873:
> You can add these properties as your [environment variables](#authenticate-with-environment-variables), but if you decide to set these properties [programatically](#authenticate-with-external-configuration) or [with the help of an external credentials file](#authenticate-with-external-configuration), please check the linked sections. The code examples below will follow the [authentication with environment variables](#authenticate-with-environment-variables).

I also made separate sections for these 3 ways, so all the authentication examples with env vars will be one level down under the _Authenticate with environment variables_ section.

examples that follow assume that these variables are set.

> #### IAM authentication

Reviewer 2: I would highlight this is an example for the environment variables usage.

Author: I made separate sections for these 3 ways, so all the authentication examples with env vars will be one level down under the _Authenticate with environment variables_ section.

I added a sentence above that highlight env var auth is going to be used in the code examples.

> ### Authentication

Reviewer 2: Now I see the `Getting started` section a little bit lengthy and lost its point a little bit. 
I am thinking about moving out the full `Authentication` section from `Getting started`.
Maybe even remove `Getting started` section naming. And use `Code examples` as H2.

Additionally, the sentence: 
```
The code examples below will follow the
[authentication with environment variables](#authenticate-with-environment-variables).
```
Would be good to move into the `Code examples` section.
After this change the TOC build up would be more structured for a user.

Author: Yes, it is a good idea! I fixed it in 576a9cb.

[Cloudant service credentials][service-credentials] to authenticate with your
account.

1. `IAM`, `COUCHDB_SESSION`, `BASIC` or `NOAUTH` **authentication type**.
1. [*IAM authentication*](#iam-authentication) is highly recommended when your
back-end database server is [**Cloudant**][cloud-IAM-mgmt]. This
authentication type requires a server-generated `apikey` instead of a
user-given password.
1. [*Session cookie (`COUCHDB_SESSION`) authentication*](#session-cookie-authentication)
is recommended for [Apache CouchDB][couch-cookie-auth] or for
[Cloudant][cloudant-cookie-auth] when IAM is unavailable. It exchanges username
and password credentials for an `AuthSession` cookie from the `/_session`
endpoint.
1. [*Basic* (or legacy) *authentication*](#basic-authentication) is a fallback
for both [Cloudant][cloudant-basic-auth] and [Apache CouchDB][couch-basic-auth]
back-end database servers. This authentication type requires the good old
`username` and `password` credentials.
1. *Noauth* authentication does not need any credentials. Note that this
authentication type will only work for queries against a database with read
access for everyone.
1. The service `url`.

> You can add these properties as your
> [environment variables](#authenticate-with-environment-variables), but
> if you decide to set these properties
> [programatically](#authenticate-with-external-configuration)
> or
> [with the help of an external credentials file](#authenticate-with-external-configuration),
> please check the linked sections. The code examples below will follow the
> [authentication with environment variables](#authenticate-with-environment-variables).

Reviewer: What about creating a list for the possible ways:
```suggestion
There are several ways to use these properties:
1. As [environment variables](#authenticate-with-environment-variables)
2. The [programatic approach](#authentication-programatically)
3. [External credentials file](#authenticate-with-external-configuration)

The code examples below will follow the
[authentication with environment variables](#authenticate-with-environment-variables).
```

Reviewer 2: I like this suggested rephrase with a teeny-tiny-minor request:
`There are several ways to **set** these properties:`

Author: It is in eec751f.

**Note**: We recommend using [IAM](#iam-authentication) for Cloudant and
[Session](#session-cookie-authentication) for CouchDB authentication.

> #### Authenticate with external configuration or the programmatic way

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Authenticate with external configuration or programmatically
```

> There are other ways to authenticate rather than setting environment variables:

Reviewer: You can remove this and the line below.  The paragraphs below are enough and provide the two auth options.

**Note**: We recommend using [IAM](#iam-authentication) for Cloudant and
[Session](#session-cookie-authentication) for CouchDB authentication.

#### Authenticate with external configuration or programmatically

To use an external configuration file, the
[Cloudant API docs](https://cloud.ibm.com/apidocs/cloudant?code=python#authentication-with-external-configuration),
or the
[general SDK usage information](https://github.com/IBM/ibm-cloud-sdk-common#using-external-configuration)
will guide you.

> To learn more about how to use programmatic authentication, see the related documentation in the

Reviewer 2: I would add here an additional section. `Authenticate programmatically`

Author: Done in 2fd6873.

Reviewer: I prefer this section to be `Authenticate programmatically` as Vera suggested and it would be consistent with the other sections.

Author: It is in eec751f.
